okay everyone and welcome back to chips
video game world and while I have some
time on my hands before filming starts
for season 5 of video games and consoles
from the loft I figured it would be
great to dig out a collection of video
game related material out of my loft and
show you more something different for a
change and yes over this two-part
collection video I'm going to show you
my Nintendo poster collection hey one so
here in front of me I have my Nintendo
poster collection and a lot of these
posters have helped me in the past and
past videos to create massive
backgrounds and such videos from video
games and consoles and of course a lot
of these are featured in various
episodes from video games and consoles
from them off than I really hoped these
posters or extra life to my videos and
hopefully a better atmosphere as well
and a lot of these posters were also
from UK Nintendo magazines and there are
also some promotional posters that have
got here that I've thrown into the mix
as well so we hope you enjoy the
collection sonic and the secret of the
Rings was the first sonic game for the
week and was released in 2007 and I
certainly never ever thought I'd see
sonic holding a Nintendo controller but
this is a really cool double-sided
tribute to the game and Sonic
this next poster came bundled with the
UK's Nintendo official magazine in 2005
and was promoting the Merlin sticker
collection of Pokemon and allowed you to
stick them on the poster and of course
and trig you into buying the sticker
album
go straight for 22 featuring a Honda and
Mario pixel poster is one of my
favorites it may be small but it
certainly brings back some amazing
memories back from the 80s and the 90s
this really is classic stuff
my next post features two more classic
games as on one side features Dragon
Ball Z 2 on the way which was released
in 2007 and on the other side there was
a nice collage of the Metal Slug series
as in 2007 metal slug anthology was
released which features games 126 we're
fifth poster collaborates free more
classic games as burial and the shake
dimension landed on the way in 2008
making this the first in the series to
be ported to a home console and on the
reverse side samba de amigo makes an
appearance which was released on the way
in 2007 and finally super smash brawl
which was released in 2008
well if you haven't played pilotwings 64
or any of the games in this series I far
you recommend them and this cracking
poster really brings back some great
time spent on the Nintendo 64 and on the
reverse there's a classic scene of the
cult classic Donkey Kong featuring Mario
or at the time of the game he was known
as jump man
and following on from the donkey kong
theme here's another classic picture
which featured on the european version
there's case of the game and on the
other side economy which was released in
2008 and animal crossing city folk also
released in 2008 both make an appearance
this next poster was released in 2008
which features link holding up the
Triforce in a classic pixelated art form
and on the opposite side Sonic Unleashed
and no more heroes artwork is displayed
and both games were released for the Wii
in 2008 up next I have an awesome poster
featuring overkill which was released
for the way in 2009 and which is a
brilliant addition to the House of the
Dead series and around the other side of
the poster dead rising and rayman raving
rabbids TV party make comical and zombie
ish displays we're tenth poster
collaborates eight ultimate games that
have been released on various Nintendo
systems and some are fairly new and some
are fairly old but together they really
bring a colorful and vibrant glow to a
fantastic poster that was released in
Mortal Kombat makes an appearance on the
way in 2007 and this poster depicts the
new installment mortal kombat armageddon
which features a sum of 63 characters or
so on the reverse super mario galaxy
bursts onto the scene giving us our
first mario game on the way till the
posters are always fun to collect in
this next one the pic seems from The
Legend of Zelda the Phantom Hourglass
which featured on the d/s in 2007 and
the game closely follows that of the
wind waker from the gamecube
my 13th poster features mario strikers
charged as the series gets the way in
2007 really enjoy playing this game from
time to time although the online feature
could have been better
well Heatseekers is actually a game I've
yet to play but it made its debut all
the way in 2007 and it certainly looks
like a great air combat flight simulator
game and if it's anything like any of
the games in the afterburner series or
try it out another favorite poster of
mine from the collection has to be this
one which displays mario kart for the
Wii which is actually a game I have
beaten to death and mario kart double
dash features on the opposite side which
was released for the Gamecube there's
also depicting one of my favorite tracks
on the game DK mountain